Proj4050: Header must be a GLOB (#54)
dotnet-project-file-analyzers/dotnet-project-file-analyzers.github.io: rules/Proj4050.md

# Proj4050: Header must be a GLOB

> [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org/) helps maintain consistent coding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [EditorConfig](https://editorconfig.org/) file helps maintain consistent coding
```

styles for multiple developers working on the same project across various
editors and IDEs.

> Key element of `.editorconfig` is that the text of the header is GLOB that
> matching the files the key-value pairs of the section apply to. Therefor,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key element of `.editorconfig` is that the text of the header is a GLOB that
matches the files the key-value pairs of the section apply to. Therefor,
```
